Add note about creating venv without system-site-packages flag (#12)
pupil-labs/pupil-detectors: README.md

You can install this package locally from source. Make sure you have all necessary dependencies setup (see Installation section above). 

> **NOTE:** When using `venv`, the environment should be created without the `--system-site-packages` flag; otherwise building might fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** When using a Python virtual environment, it should be created without the `--system-site-packages` flag; otherwise building might fail.
```
